Hi, I'm Daniela Ferrari and today I
I would like to tell you about dresses
of good graduation for this season
as every year the recordings are
in summer they are always colors
fresh and they have to be cheerful colors
because they are Chavistas are 18 or 19 years old
so what I always recommend is
make it a color that when you see the
photo within 30 years that is a color
that you see well the rule of now is
that in 30 years you cover that picture and say
I liked it in terms of cuts and changes
every year right now the cuts are
very feminine that is very beautiful because
Each time they are the dresses as more
elegant and is also is
the trend of dresses as more
as eyes
also used to to continue
being an evening dress to me what
I like to put on textiles like very
luxurious and although the dress looks
Facts or not to say it in some way
or is more comfortable is still seeing with this
night style another trend that is
very father is all the dresses with the
kiss
happily they are with much embroidery with
many things like rhinestones on top but
without getting to the point that they seem
as as of contest no but that is
well put those that I like
now for these for this season
of graduations are those that go as in
a single fabric can be a super dress
minimalist but the pure fabric speaks of
be amazing and I like it a lot for this
temperate of the colors that I
I would recommend more is to be colors
alive or within the range almost almost
I tell you the cheerful colors
yellow green turquoise rice are
colors that you see you say because they have
they have an age where they can be
compose the color that is colors that I
I tell them never to do it
Black and white is a color that is
to invite a wedding but not for your
graduation unsaturation not go of
black do not also do it another way of
choose how to design your dress
you can get excited as with some time
like the 20 30 30 and 50 60 is right now
the most amazing thing is that everyone leaves
then you can mix for example a
skirt 50 is that they are the ones that are like
wider than right now that I love
that this fashion has returned because it
It makes me super feminine super elegant and
it is night are the dresses so big
as network carpets what I already know that
it is allowed to use it because it has been a long time
people do not dare to use them